Prepare 0.24.1 (#210)
rustls/hyper-rustls: README.md

[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/hyper-rustls/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/hyper-rustls/)

# Release history

> Newer releases can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/rustls/hyper-rustls/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release history can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/rustls/hyper-rustls/releases).
```

Let's delete the following older release history -- I'll move that text into github releases so we have this in one place.

Author: Fixed.
